Panorama enhancement - add target arg (#18537)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/Integrations/Panorama/README.md

   * [pan-os-query-logs](#pan-os-query-logs)
   * [pan-os-check-logs-status](#pan-os-check-logs-status)
   * [pan-os-get-logs](#pan-os-get-logs)

> * The target argument works only on operational type commands. (not commit, logs, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The target argument works only on operational type commands. Meaning, you can not use it with commit, logs, PCAP commands.
```

`pan-os-install-panos-version`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                              | **Required** |

> | --- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |

Reviewer 2: Why?

Author: fixed it i guess it happens automaticlly with generate docs
